# CompMusicology
This is the repository that I will be using during the course Computational Musicology, in which the analysis into my corpus will be visable.
My corpus is made up of popular rock music from the 60s, 70s and 80s. During this course I hope to dive deeper into the effect that the time periods had on the genre of rock. To acieve this I will be looking at elements such as tempo, key, mode, rhythm, and timbre. In addition to this, I also will be looking at the amount of streams each song has to determine what makes a song timeless and what makes a song fade away. To be as objective as possible in my selection, I've selected the most popular bands of these time periods by sales and added their albums to the corpus. I will be focussing more on bands who had great succes stretching over multiple decades as to see if their music changed signifcatly troughout the years.

I choose this corpus because a lot of my music interest lies within this time period. I think that specificly rock music is an interesting topic to look at, because it goes trough many transformations and peaks during this time period. Too produce representative data I have chosen one specific gerne, as not to compare different genres. As I have only included the most popular bands by sales, many influential and important rock bands will be missing in this corpus. 

The albums of these bands include some more generally less popular, atypical track such as 'I Am The Walrus' by The Beatles, wich has a very unconventional song structure. This corpus also includes many experimental songs from Pink Floyd, like 'On The Run' or 'A Spanish Piece'. I expect that the music in this corpus becomes more experimental and electric as time progresses, away from the more simple, straightforward style of the early 60s. Also later more subgenres of rock will appear like metal and progressive rock. 

